everyone is Eric from the NGO ipfs
working group and I'm gonna be going
over our cue to okay ours in the
spreadsheet you see before you the first
set of okay ours are related to
supporting package managers they're kind
of a little bit obvious because they all
have to do with speed and scalability to
support the large volumes of data and
large volumes of traffic that package
managers or the project managers running
on top of ipfs are going to need the
first one is it's possible to are sync
to go ipfs there's sort of two
initiatives adjacent initiatives one is
a performant writable fuse
implementation and one is improved m FS
and dominic is on point for this one
next one is continued work on improve
provider strategies there are a number
of different options for provider
strategies and we're going to need to
basically make more efficient use of the
DHT when adding and providing really
really large data sets third one is when
connected to the global internet IP and
s resolution takes less than a second
there a couple of initiatives underway
IP NS / DNS improvements and then IP NS
/ pub/sub number seven is go ipfs
saturates I assume is 100 megabit link
when downloading a sufficiently large
data set it's important when you need to
be able to transfer a lot of data
quickly and the next one goes right hand
in hand with it go ipfs has at most ten
percent overhead when downloading a
large data set we don't want to use all
of our throughput for overhead so we
want bit swap to be efficient obviously
we have to send control information and
make requests send our sets of wanted
blocks to our peers but we want to make
efficient use of the bandwidth we have
available number nine is go I P FS has
experimental support for mod x and other
metadata this means this is a UNIX FSB -
mod x are important for package managers
being able to update their content no
changed and then there's a way to ingest
files and ipfs quickly for very large
files in many many small files this I
think is related primarily to work that
magic is currently doing on the Block
store and the use of badger for storing
data and ipfs and magic has submitted a
couple of important bugs to badger
recently that I think they're fixing
just in the last few days that are great
and mean that badger will successfully
GC and hopefully over the course of the
quarter badger will magics test a
battery will show that it's reliable and
and it is highly performant in most
cases storage for ipfs the second set of
okrs section two are around supporting
IP at best camp users can reliably find
content via the Gateway it's important
that the eight days to please work and
do pretty good job for ipfs camp to go
smoothly there's lots of stuff involved
in this some has to do with go ipfs and
some is more on the lid p2p side there's
actually like other OTR is in here that
relate to this one great one workshop
ready by ipfs camp that's a Stephan
thing he's gonna create a workshop
support for IP NS PID key ID in base 32
these are interesting these would be
good they would simplify some of the
information and use of ipfs that's going
to go on during the workshops and this
is the other one which is switch to
switch to base 32 by default when using
cid v1 there's a command line switch to
enable the use of cid v1 see IDs and
right now it will give you basic 58 C
IDs mmm and there is a proposal on the
table to make it return base 32 C IDs
there's some risk that we will break
some
sting you know people who were relying
on the existing behavior so these are
kind of under review section three
improve the ipfs or go ipfs contributor
experience the first one is I think a pl
wide initiative to change the licensing
of ipfs and the code that we produce the
second one is maintain a curated list of
important non kr tasks this is just as a
working group we realize that we have
other stuff that comes up that's not in
our kr we have a place for KRS
we'll get to that obviously when github
issues but we need another thing which
is a subset of all our issues which are
important to get done and make progress
on but they don't roll up to K arse
initiatives related to care go into a q2
milestone this isn't really just issues
related to a care but we want to track
milestones release milestones and we
want to roll up basically K ours or
other issues and github or features into
those so that we know roughly what we're
shooting for on each release right now
it's kind of like app what's in is in
and we kind of decide when we think it's
a good time for a release which isn't
the worst thing in the world but we're
wondering if it's better if we have a
little bit more rigor around what we
think is going down to 500 open issues
on go ipfs at the end of the corner it's
kind of a big one we have nine hundred
and thirteen hundred or forty open
issues until ipfs it's daunting for new
developers or new contributors or I
don't I think they just get scared away
so there's actually a lot of valuable
information in those issues a lot of
very few of them are just sort of
spurious or no longer applicable a lot
of them are good feature ideas but we
have to figure out what to do with them
and sort of get them out of the main go
ipfs issues set so the issues become
useful instead of just daunting the
developers who are working on go ipfs
have to sort of have various ways of
dealing with this but for people coming
in to a project and you probably is a
little bit crazy mmm this is one of the
ways we deal with it
started using a special flag for things
to pick up and interrupt on we realize
that we have a lot of issues are just a
lot of issues take a long time to
consider some of them are really like if
if someone wants it done they're gonna
have to do
but some of them are important for the
core team to pick up on immediately and
we're gonna use an interrupt label and
talk about them in our weekly and
socialize them or broadcast them in our
IRC so that people know that there's new
things that have come up and though this
last one in this section is a creation
of a plan for moving go ipfs to use go I
feel to be prime and then section four
is okay ours around supporting IPF users
file coin has a long-term solution for
solution for sinking deep graphs
something here because Hana on-the-go
ipfs team has done a lot of work on
graph sink and that work will at some
point get folded back into go ipfs but
probably before that maybe before that
it'll get used by the file coin team
support the entertainment using the
quarry api constructor to create custom
go ipfs builds magics work on the way
that we construct ipfs nodes actually
allows people to basically package up
their own ipfs nodes and configure the
way they want which is specifically the
what infer needs to containerize ipfs to
run in basically a containerized
infrastructure so we're going to support
them in that effort and then audit ipfs
api secured it is something that kuba is
undertaking i think he's already started
so probably the last quarter in this
quarter and that is it if you have any
questions don't you can certainly reach
out to me and you can also we have like
all the working groups we have an okay
our issue where i think it's a PR
actually linked to from the master list
that you can go and check out and add
comments to it'll respond so thanks very
much